Parity blogpost v1 (#34)
localstack/localstack.github.io: content/blog/2022-07-12-parity-explained/index.md

---

> title: LocalStack and AWS Parity Explained

Reviewer: :100: love it

description: "At LocalStack we are committed to constantly improve the cloud dev experience. Here is how our AWS Service Framework and a new snapshot testing framework help us to stay on top of AWS changes."
lead: "At LocalStack we are committed to constantly improve the cloud dev experience. Here is how our AWS Service Framework and a new snapshot testing framework help us to stay on top of AWS changes."
date: 2022-07-14
lastmod: 2022-07-14
images: []

> contributors: [""]

Reviewer: you should add your names here @dominikschubert and @steffyP  :-)

Reviewer: and me maybe for the edits? :pleading_face:

Author: I was about to ask you 😄 
Do we have any rules here? For my last post I just put in my first name, as my full name is ridiculously long 😅 
Do you have any preferences? And should we just use alphabetical order?

> tags: ['news']

Reviewer: @HarshCasper , @steffyP raised the point that the category for this blog entry wasn't super clear. maybe you could help out picking a category, or coming up with new ones?

this is kind of an educational post with news character, but not really a tutorial.

---

Parity has been a major concern for LocalStack since the very beginning. Our goal is to provide the best possible experience for cloud developer. 

Naturally we want to make sure that LocalStack is reliable - meaning that running the same commands against AWS and LocalStack results in the same outcome. 

> Recently we have introduced some mechanics to ensure the parity of AWS and LocalStack increases steadily over time, and that the implementation stays up-to-date.

Reviewer: I would suggest to give a clear introduction of parity first, then describe that it's one of our primary goals, and how our solution to parity is evolving.

something along those lines: (feel free to edit, just riffing)
```suggestion
Parity for LocalStack means that, when you as a cloud developer make an AWS API call to LocalStack's cloud emulator, it behaves the same as AWS would.
Keeping parity with AWS has been our mission at LocalStack since day 1.
This is essential in building a reliable cloud emulator that provides a great experience for cloud application developers.

Recently we introduced new mechanisms to scale the endeavor, and ensure that parity of LocalStack with AWS increases continuously over time, and that our service implementations stay up-to-date.
Here are the three key things we have been working on:
```

This approach includes weekly, automated updates of API stubs, which verifies the operation definitions of each service in LocalStack are compatible with the latest changes in `botocore`.

Further, we have been working on a new testing approach, called "snapshot testing", that enables compatibility checks of LocalStack vs. AWS.

> Additionally, we started to collect detailed parity metrics in order to track test coverage and implementation status for services. 

Reviewer: Here i think it would be good to make a bulleted list of the three concepts, and also refer back to the words we're using in the section titles describing each one. something like

* Automated server-side code generation and API evolution: Facilitated by our new AWS Server Framework (ASF), this approach includes ...
* Parity Tests with Snapshot Testing: Further, ...
* Parity metrics: ...

## AWS Service Framework

> In general the nature of distributed cloud systems, like AWS, comes with a lot of complexity. As LocalStack runs on your local machine, certain implementation details are already simplified. Further, some services can be fully emulated fairly easy, e.g., by CRUD functionality. Other services, like Lambda, require additional effort to ensure a smooth dev experience.

Reviewer: I love this, this is a great opportunity for us to explain to skeptics how localstack works :-) i extended/reworded the paragraph slightly. feel free to edit/revise:

```suggestion
Distributed cloud systems like AWS have immense inherent complexity. Some people are skeptical when we tell them that LocalStack behaves in the same way AWS does. How are we dealing with all that complexity? Since LocalStack runs on your local machine, many of the problems of distributed systems go away, and we can make simplifying assumptions about the implementation of services. This makes emulating some services like Lambda, or SQS, that are normally a complex distributed system, much easier. Moreover, for many services, providing CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality is often sufficient to enable most use cases.
```

> All service requests are routed through our AWS Service Framework (ASF). ASF contains the service and operations definitions of all AWS services supported by LocalStack.

Reviewer: I would maybe add an introductory sentence to make the flow a bit smoother.

```suggestion
Each AWS service has a well-defined API and protocol specification.
We have built a framework around these specs, which we call the AWS Server Framework (ASF).
ASF generates server-side stubs for services and all their supported operations.
All service requests are then routed to their respective server-side implementation through ASF, which implements the AWS protocol in a generalized way.
```

> To generate these APIs LocalStack uses the definitions of the python package `botocore` - which is also a major part of the AWS CLI, and `boto3`.

Reviewer: whoopsie, if my suggestion is applied, this should probably go after the sentence "ASF generates server-side ..."

### ASF Updates

> We have a weekly running Github action in place, that checks for any API changes and will raise a pull request (PR) automatically in case changes are detected. The PR also triggers our integration tests, and further has to be approved, and merged manually. Thus we ensure that nothing breaks accidentially.

Reviewer: "To keep up with AWS API evolution, and [there is a lot of it](https://awsapichanges.info/), we have a weekly ...

> {{< img src="screenshot_update_asf_apis.png" >}}

Reviewer: love having screenshots in blog posts! :-) it would be cool if we could show next to it also a screenshot of an interesting API diff.

Author: I added a new screenshot including changes for a redshift PR - can we discuss next week if this is a good choice?

Of course, newly added operations will not work out-of-the box. By default all operations that are not implemented will throw a `NotImplementedError` upon calling. However, we ensure that the declaration of each operation is compatible with AWS.

> ## Parity Tests with Snapshot Testing

Reviewer: i think this section is great, but i can see that it digresses a bit into a developer tutorial for writing snapshot tests, which is super useful for internal documentation, or a documentation on the snapshot testing framework, but maybe a bit too detailed for what i thought this blog post would be about.
however i can also see that reworking this would be a lot of effort, and i think it's more important to get the blog post out there. just some thoughts :-)

Parity tests are a special form of integration tests that verify the correctness of LocalStack compared to AWS. Recently, we have introduced this type of AWS compatible tests, with an approach that we call "snapshot testing".

Over time, as more parity tests are added, LocalStack's parity will be improved significantly.  

### Importance of Parity

Parity helps to build trust in LocalStack's service implementation. While this should already be reason enough to put focus on parity tests, there are sometimes also internals relying on a response to be in a certain format, or to have an exact wording.

> To give you one example: recently, [we had a case](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/pull/5978), where a slightly different message from a `ValidationException` caused an entire cdk-deployment to fail. The only thing that had changed was the wording of the message contained in that exception. 

Reviewer: love that we are giving real world examples! this is how an engineering blog should be like! :100:  :-)

In turned out that the [aws-cdk verified the message of the exception](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/v1-main/packages/aws-cdk/lib/api/util/cloudformation.ts#L35) like this:

```typescript

} catch (e) {
    if (e.code === 'ValidationError' && e.message === `Stack with id ${stackName} does not exist`) {
        return new CloudFormationStack(cfn, stackName, undefined);
    }
    throw e;
}
```

> Thus parity tests are a crucial technique to ensure consistency and boost the confidence in LocalStack.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This highlights the importance of parity tests as a technique to ensure consistency and boost the confidence in LocalStack.
```

The snapshot also indicates that some kind of transformation was applied on the actual response.

To outline a few transformations:
- The function names were replaced with `<function-name:1>` and allows to distinguish functions without revealing the actual name.
  - This can be very useful, e.g., when names are randomly generated in a test case.
  - We can see that the `FunctionName` is also contained in the `FunctionArn`, meaning that the function names were replaced everywhere.  
- The actual region was replaced by the placeholder `<region>`.
- The account-id was replaced by dummy account-id.
- The role-name was also replaced with a reference in the field `Role`. 

Next, the test can be run with LocalStack. Simply remove the ENV for `TEST_TARGET` and the parameter `--snapshot-update`.

When running this example against LocalStack, any differences between the recorded snapshots will be outlined:

{{< img src="blog-snapshot-diff.png" >}}

As you can see, there are some additional parameters in the AWS snapshot, that are missing in the LocalStack response, and vice versa. 

This information is very important and helps us to access, improve, and fix expected responses. 

> While this is a just a simple example, it showcases the power of the snapshot recording and testing. 

Author: simplified example

```python
@pytest.mark.skip_snapshot_verify(paths=["$..User.Tags"])
def test_iam_username_defaultname(deploy_cfn_template, iam_client, snapshot):
    snapshot.add_transformer(snapshot.transform.iam_api())
    snapshot.add_transformer(snapshot.transform.cloudformation_api())

    template = json.dumps(
        {
            "Resources": {
                "DefaultNameUser": {
                    "Type": "AWS::IAM::User",
                }
            },
            "Outputs": {"DefaultNameUserOutput": {"Value": {"Ref": "DefaultNameUser"}}},
        }
    )
    stack = deploy_cfn_template(template=template)
    user_name = stack.outputs["DefaultNameUserOutput"]
    assert user_name

    get_iam_user = iam_client.get_user(UserName=user_name)
    snapshot.match("get_iam_user", get_iam_user)
```

This can be helpful in a situation like in the test case `test_iam_username_defaultname` above: one attribute is added in the output, e.g., it is not returned by AWS, but returned by LocalStack. 

This strategy allows us to collect and outline deviations, while making sure that existing behavior is not broken accidentially. 

## Outlook

> With the new ASF framework we also introduced a metric collection utility. It enables us to collect details during the test execution, including used parameter values, exceptions etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the new AWS Server Framework we also introduced a metric collection utility. It enables us to collect details during the test execution, including used parameter values, or raised exceptions.
```

This information will help us to increase test coverage and consequently improve the parity with AWS. 

Additionally, we will provide regular metric updates and insights about supported services and operations. Thus our communication will be more transparent in terms of implemented APIs, and further improve the confidence overall. 

> We hope you are as excited as we are about the new snapshot testing framework - and if you are contributor: we appreciate your support with enhancing the AWS parity!

Reviewer: it would be great if we could make the concluding sentence encompass the entire blog post, not just the snapshot testing framework (even though i *am* really excited about it :D)

Author: The last sentence is the most difficult one 🙂 What about: 
"We hope you are as excited as we are about our AWS Framework, that ensures latest compatibility with AWS, and the new snapshot testing framework, that will help us to write validated test cases."

How are we dealing with all that complexity? Since LocalStack runs on your local machine, many of the problems of distributed systems go away, and we can make simplifying assumptions about the implementation of services. 

This makes emulating some services like Lambda, or SQS, that are normally a complex distributed system, much easier. Moreover, for many services, providing CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality is often sufficient to enable most use cases.

Each AWS service has a well-defined API and protocol specification. We have built a framework around these specs, which we call the AWS Server Framework (ASF).

ASF generates server-side stubs for services and all their supported operations. In order to create these APIs LocalStack uses the definitions of the python package `botocore` - which is also a major part of the AWS CLI, and `boto3`.

All service requests are then routed to their respective server-side implementation through ASF, which implements the AWS protocol in a generalized way.

### ASF Updates

> To keep up with AWS API evolution, and [there is a lot of it](https://awsapichanges.info/), we have a weekly we have a weekly running Github action in place, that checks for any API changes and will raise a pull request (PR) automatically in case changes are detected. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To keep up with AWS API evolution, and [there is a lot of it](https://awsapichanges.info/), we have a weekly running Github action in place that checks for any API changes and will raise a pull request (PR) automatically in case changes are detected.
```

The PR also triggers our integration tests, and further has to be approved, and merged manually. Thus we ensure that nothing breaks accidentially.

{{< img src="screenshot_update_asf_api.png" >}}

> Of course, newly added operations will not work out-of-the box. By default all operations that are not implemented will throw a `NotImplementedError` upon calling. However, we ensure that the declaration of each operation is compatible with AWS.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Of course, newly added operations will not work out-of-the-box. By default all operations that are not implemented will throw a `NotImplementedError` upon calling. However, we ensure that the declaration of each operation is compatible with AWS.
```

## Parity Tests with Snapshot Testing

Parity tests are a special form of integration tests that verify the correctness of LocalStack compared to AWS. Recently, we have introduced this type of AWS compatible tests, with an approach that we call "snapshot testing".

Over time, as more parity tests are added, LocalStack's parity will be improved significantly.  

### Importance of Parity

Parity helps to build trust in LocalStack's service implementation. While this should already be reason enough to put focus on parity tests, there are sometimes also internals relying on a response to be in a certain format, or to have an exact wording.

To give you one example: recently, [we had a case](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/pull/5978), where a slightly different message from a `ValidationException` caused an entire cdk-deployment to fail. The only thing that had changed was the wording of the message contained in that exception. 

> In turned out that the [aws-cdk verified the message of the exception](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/v1-main/packages/aws-cdk/lib/api/util/cloudformation.ts#L35) like this:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It turned out that the [aws-cdk verified the message of the exception](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/v1-main/packages/aws-cdk/lib/api/util/cloudformation.ts#L35) like this:
```

```typescript

} catch (e) {
    if (e.code === 'ValidationError' && e.message === `Stack with id ${stackName} does not exist`) {
        return new CloudFormationStack(cfn, stackName, undefined);
    }
    throw e;
}
```

> This highlights the importance of parity tests as a technique to ensure consistency and boost the confidence in LocalStack.

Reviewer 2: nit: Another aspect we could mention is the response schema parsing performed by Terraform, which is quite strict and can even lead to crashes (e.g., if the Go code expects an int instead of a string). Parity testing will further significantly enhance the compatibility with Terraform! 

Not really required, as we also have the CDK example here, 👍  but as a food for thought, if you still see an opportunity to mention Terraform in the post..

Author: @whummer thanks for the input :) 
We could mention it a very short paragraph, WDYT about:

_Another example is Terraform: when you setup your infrastructure with Terraform it performs very strict schema parsing. Hence, unexpected responses could even crash the deployment, for example when the return type is `int` but should be `string`._

_This highlights ...._

Reviewer 2: Sounds great @steffyP , like it! 👍

The snapshot also indicates that some kind of transformation was applied on the actual response.

To outline a few transformations:
- The function names were replaced with `<function-name:1>` and allows to distinguish functions without revealing the actual name.
  - This can be very useful, e.g., when names are randomly generated in a test case.
  - We can see that the `FunctionName` is also contained in the `FunctionArn`, meaning that the function names were replaced everywhere.  
- The actual region was replaced by the placeholder `<region>`.
- The account-id was replaced by dummy account-id.
- The role-name was also replaced with a reference in the field `Role`. 

Next, the test can be run with LocalStack. Simply remove the ENV for `TEST_TARGET` and the parameter `--snapshot-update`.

When running this example against LocalStack, any differences between the recorded snapshots will be outlined:

{{< img src="blog-snapshot-diff.png" >}}

As you can see, there are some additional parameters in the AWS snapshot, that are missing in the LocalStack response, and vice versa. 

This information is very important and helps us to access, improve, and fix expected responses. 

> While this is a just a simplified example, it showcases the power of the snapshot recording and testing. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While this is just a simplified example, it showcases the power of the snapshot recording and testing. 
```

With this marker it is also possible to specify a list of json-paths, which would disable the verification of the snapshot only for the specified paths:

```python
@pytest.mark.skip_snapshot_verify(paths=["$..User.Tags"])
def test_iam_username_defaultname(deploy_cfn_template, iam_client, snapshot):
    snapshot.add_transformer(snapshot.transform.iam_api())
    snapshot.add_transformer(snapshot.transform.cloudformation_api())

    template = json.dumps(
        {
            "Resources": {
                "DefaultNameUser": {
                    "Type": "AWS::IAM::User",
                }
            },
            "Outputs": {"DefaultNameUserOutput": {"Value": {"Ref": "DefaultNameUser"}}},
        }
    )
    stack = deploy_cfn_template(template=template)
    user_name = stack.outputs["DefaultNameUserOutput"]
    assert user_name

    get_iam_user = iam_client.get_user(UserName=user_name)
    snapshot.match("get_iam_user", get_iam_user)
```

This can be helpful in a situation like in the test case `test_iam_username_defaultname` above: one attribute is added in the output, e.g., it is not returned by AWS, but returned by LocalStack. 

> This strategy allows us to collect and outline deviations, while making sure that existing behavior is not broken accidentially. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This strategy allows us to collect and outline deviations, while making sure that existing behavior is not broken accidentally. 
```

## Outlook
With the new AWS Server Framework we also introduced a metric collection utility. It enables us to collect details during the test execution, including used parameter values, or raised exceptions.

This information will help us to increase test coverage and consequently improve the parity with AWS. 

Additionally, we will provide regular metric updates and insights about supported services and operations. Thus our communication will be more transparent in terms of implemented APIs, and further improve the confidence overall. 

> We hope you are as excited as we are about our AWS Framework, that ensures latest compatibility with AWS, and the new snapshot testing framework, that will help us to write validated test cases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We hope you are as excited as we are about our AWS Server Framework, that ensures latest compatibility with AWS, and the new snapshot testing framework, which will help us to write validated test cases.
```

---
title: LocalStack and AWS Parity Explained
description: "At LocalStack we are committed to constantly improve the cloud dev experience. Here is how our AWS Service Framework and a new snapshot testing framework help us to stay on top of AWS changes."
lead: "At LocalStack we are committed to constantly improve the cloud dev experience. Here is how our AWS Service Framework and a new snapshot testing framework help us to stay on top of AWS changes."
date: 2022-07-18
lastmod: 2022-07-18
images: []
contributors: ["Stefanie", "Dominik", "Thomas"]
tags: ['news']
---

> Parity for LocalStack means that, when you as a cloud developer make an AWS API call to LocalStack's cloud emulator, it behaves the same way as AWS would.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Parity for LocalStack means that when you, as a cloud developer, make an AWS API call to LocalStack's cloud emulator, it behaves the same way AWS would.

```

Keeping parity with AWS has been our mission at LocalStack since day one.
This is essential for building a reliable cloud emulator that provides a great experience for cloud application developers.

> Recently we introduced new mechanisms to scale the endeavor, and ensure that parity of LocalStack with AWS increases continuously over time, while keeping our service implementations up-to-date.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion

Recently we introduced new mechanisms to scale the endeavor and ensure that the parity of LocalStack with AWS increases continuously over time while keeping our service implementations up-to-date.
```

Here are the three key things we have been working on:

 - **Automated server-side code generation and API evolution:** Facilitated by our new AWS Server Framework (ASF), this approach includes weekly, automated updates of API stubs, which verifies the operation definitions of each service in LocalStack are compatible with the latest changes in `botocore`.
 - **Parity Tests with Snapshot Testing:** Further, we have been working on a new testing approach, called "snapshot testing", that enables compatibility checks of LocalStack vs. AWS.
 - **Parity Metrics:** Additionally, we started to collect detailed parity metrics in order to track test coverage and implementation status for services.

## AWS Service Framework

Distributed cloud systems like AWS have immense inherent complexity. Some people are skeptical when we tell them that LocalStack behaves in the same way AWS does. 

How are we dealing with all that complexity? Since LocalStack runs on your local machine, many of the problems of distributed systems go away, and we can make simplifying assumptions about the implementation of services. 

> This makes emulating some services like Lambda, or SQS, that are normally a complex distributed system, much easier. Moreover, for many services, providing CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality is often sufficient to enable most use cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
This makes emulating some services like Lambda, or SQS, which are normally complex distributed systems, much easier. Moreover, for many services, providing CRUD (Create, Read, Update, Delete) functionality is often sufficient to enable most use cases.
```

Each AWS service has a well-defined API and protocol specification. We have built a framework around these specs, which we call the AWS Server Framework (ASF).

> ASF generates server-side stubs for services and all their supported operations. In order to create these APIs LocalStack uses the definitions of the python package `botocore` - which is also a major part of the AWS CLI, and `boto3`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ASF generates server-side stubs for services and all their supported operations. To create these APIs, LocalStack uses the definitions of the python package `botocore` - which is also a major part of the AWS CLI, and `boto3`.
```

All service requests are then routed to their respective server-side implementation through ASF, which implements the AWS protocol in a generalized way.

### ASF Updates

To keep up with AWS API evolution, and [there is a lot of it](https://awsapichanges.info/), we have a weekly running Github action in place that checks for any API changes and will raise a pull request (PR) automatically in case changes are detected.

The PR also triggers our integration tests, and further has to be approved, and merged manually. Thus we ensure that nothing breaks accidentially.

{{< img src="screenshot_update_asf_api.png" >}}

> Of course, newly added operations will not work out-of-the-box. By default all operations that are not implemented will throw a `NotImplementedError` upon calling. However, we ensure that the declaration of each operation is compatible with AWS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Of course, newly added operations will not work out of the box. By default, all operations that are not implemented will throw a `NotImplementedError` upon calling. However, we ensure that the declaration of each operation is compatible with AWS.
```

To give you one example: recently, [we had a case](https://github.com/localstack/localstack/pull/5978), where a slightly different message from a `ValidationException` caused an entire cdk-deployment to fail. The only thing that had changed was the wording of the message contained in that exception. 

It turned out that the [aws-cdk verified the message of the exception](https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/blob/v1-main/packages/aws-cdk/lib/api/util/cloudformation.ts#L35) like this:

```typescript

} catch (e) {
    if (e.code === 'ValidationError' && e.message === `Stack with id ${stackName} does not exist`) {
        return new CloudFormationStack(cfn, stackName, undefined);
    }
    throw e;
}
```

Another example is Terraform: when you setup your infrastructure with Terraform it performs very strict schema parsing. Hence, unexpected responses could even crash the deployment, for example when the return type is `int` but should be `string`.

This highlights the importance of parity tests as a technique to ensure consistency and boost the confidence in LocalStack.

### Parity Tests in a Nutshell

> Initially, a parity test is designed to run against AWS. Certain responses in the test will be marked to be part of the "snapshot". Those responses are collected and stored in json-format in a separate file, which we call the snapshot. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Initially, a parity test is designed to run against AWS. We will mark certain responses in the test to be part of the "snapshot." Those responses are collected and stored in json-format in a separate file, which we call the snapshot.
```

> The snapshot will be used to verify the behavior of LocalStack later on. 
> As the initial test runs against AWS, we record the "ground truth". Consequent test runs will run against LocalStack.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We will use the snapshot to verify the behavior of LocalStack later on. 
As the initial test runs against AWS, we record the "ground truth." Consequent test runs will run against LocalStack.
```

> During the test execution against LocalStack the responses will be collected, and then compared to the recorded snapshot from AWS. This way we can ensure that LocalStack behaves just like AWS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
During the test execution against LocalStack, the responses will be collected and compared to the recorded snapshot from AWS. This way, we can ensure that LocalStack behaves just like AWS.
```

### Snapshot Testing Framework

> Of course, it is not possible to compare the response bit-by-bit or character-by-character. Obviously there might be unique identifiers in place (like region, account-id, ARNs, timestamps), that will be different for every execution. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Of course, comparing the response bit-by-bit or character-by-character is impossible. There might be unique identifiers (like region, account-id, ARNs, timestamps) that will differ for every execution. 
```

> Thus we prepared a snapshot testing framework that on one hand replaces some common, pre-defined values with placeholders. On the other hand, it also allows to specify more complex replacements for specific API calls.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thus we prepared a snapshot testing framework that, on the one hand, replaces some common, pre-defined values with placeholders. On the other hand, it also allows specifying more complex replacements for specific API calls.
```

```python
@pytest.mark.skip_snapshot_verify(paths=["$..User.Tags"])
def test_iam_username_defaultname(deploy_cfn_template, iam_client, snapshot):
    snapshot.add_transformer(snapshot.transform.iam_api())
    snapshot.add_transformer(snapshot.transform.cloudformation_api())

    template = json.dumps(
        {
            "Resources": {
                "DefaultNameUser": {
                    "Type": "AWS::IAM::User",
                }
            },
            "Outputs": {"DefaultNameUserOutput": {"Value": {"Ref": "DefaultNameUser"}}},
        }
    )
    stack = deploy_cfn_template(template=template)
    user_name = stack.outputs["DefaultNameUserOutput"]
    assert user_name

    get_iam_user = iam_client.get_user(UserName=user_name)
    snapshot.match("get_iam_user", get_iam_user)
```

This can be helpful in a situation like in the test case `test_iam_username_defaultname` above: one attribute is added in the output, e.g., it is not returned by AWS, but returned by LocalStack. 

This strategy allows us to collect and outline deviations, while making sure that existing behavior is not broken accidentally. 

## Outlook

> With the new AWS Server Framework we also introduced a metric collection utility. It enables us to collect details during the test execution, including used parameter values, or raised exceptions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We also introduced a metric collection utility with the new AWS Server Framework. It enables us to collect details during the test execution, including used parameter values or raised exceptions.
```

This information will help us to increase test coverage and consequently improve the parity with AWS. 

> Additionally, we will provide regular metric updates and insights about supported services and operations. Thus our communication will be more transparent in terms of implemented APIs, and further improve the confidence overall. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Additionally, we will provide regular metric updates and insights about supported services and operations. Thus our communication will be more transparent regarding implemented APIs and improve confidence overall. 
```

> We hope you are as excited as we are about our AWS Server Framework, that ensures latest compatibility with AWS, and the new snapshot testing framework, which will help us to write validated test cases.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
We hope you are as excited as we are about our AWS Server Framework, which ensures the latest compatibility with AWS, and the new snapshot testing framework, which will help us to write validated test cases.
```
